img/nitte-nmamit-logo.png
img/nitte-mobile-logo.png
img/slider/banner-1.jpg
img/slider/banner-2.jpg
img/slider/banner-3a-1.jpg
img/slider/banner-5.jpg
img/slider/banner-6.jpg
img/slider/fsd.jpg
img/slider/mobile/1.jpg
img/slider/mobile/2.jpg
img/slider/mobile/3m.jpg
img/slider/mobile/5.jpg
img/slider/mobile/6.jpg
img/slider/mobile/fsdmobile.jpg
https://nitte.edu.in/admin/photo/3/news/802/1349.jpg
https://nitte.edu.in/admin/photo/3/news/797/1341.jpg
https://nitte.edu.in/admin/photo/3/news/786/1326.jpg
https://nitte.edu.in/admin/photo/3/news/787/1330.jpg
https://nitte.edu.in/admin/photo/3/news/782/1317.jpg
https://nitte.edu.in/admin/photo/3/news/765/1301.jpg
https://nitte.edu.in/admin/photo/3/news/760/1294.jpg
https://nitte.edu.in/admin/photo/3/news/759/1291.jpg
https://nitte.edu.in/admin/photo/3/news/761/1296.jpg
https://nitte.edu.in/admin/photo/3/news/758/1288.jpg
https://nitte.edu.in/admin/photo/3/news/777/1312.jpg
img/home-video-thumb-1.jpg
img/home-video-thumb-2.jpg
img/home-video-thumb-3.jpg
img/awards/home-award-7.png
img/awards/home-award-2.png
img/awards/home-award-6.png
img/awards/home-award-4a.png
img/dep/ec/alumni/sanjeeth Shetty.jpg
img/dep/ec/alumni/Muriel Photo.jpg
img/dep/ec/alumni/Rajeshwari Bhat.jpg
img/dep/ec/alumni/NisargaNagaraj.jpeg
img/dep/ec/alumni/Sudharshan Acharya.jpg
img/dep/ec/alumni/anjana.jpg
img/dep/ec/alumni/dilip-adiga.jpg
img/dep/ec/alumni/joylan.jpg
img/dep/ec/alumni/prajwal.jpg
img/dep/ec/alumni/saritha.jpg
img/dep/ec/alumni/suhas.jpg
img/dep/biotech/testimonials/shamin.jpg
img/dep/biotech/testimonials/aishu.jpg
img/dep/biotech/testimonials/deepika-rao.jpg
img/dep/biotech/testimonials/karthik-hegde.jpg
img/dep/biotech/testimonials/lakshmeesha.jpg
img/dep/biotech/testimonials/vijayendra.jpg
img/dep/biotech/testimonials/krithi.jpg
img/dep/biotech/testimonials/savan.jpg
img/dep/biotech/testimonials/reshma.jpg
img/dep/biotech/testimonials/mohan.jpg
img/dep/biotech/testimonials/guru.jpg
img/dep/biotech/testimonials/shravya-shetty.jpg
img/dep/biotech/alumni/Sanjana.jpg
img/dep/biotech/alumni/Aparna K Mohan.jpg
img/dep/biotech/alumni/Mahitrajan.jpg
img\dep\mech\testimonial\raghavendra.jpg
img\dep\mech\testimonial\anant-shanker.jpg
img/dep/mech/alumni/Akshay Mugeraya.jpg
img/dep/mech/alumni/damodar mallya.jpg
img/dep/mech/alumni/Joystin Mendonca.jpg
img/dep/mech/alumni/Joyston Monteiro.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/Mohammed Saudh.jpg
img/dep/mech/alumni/nachiket.jpg
img/dep/mech/alumni/Prakhyath Bhandary.jpg
img/dep/info-science/testimonials/laveen.jpg
img/dep/info-science/testimonials/pooja.jpg
img/dep/info-science/testimonials/deepak-karkala.jpg
img/dep/info-science/testimonials/siddarth-pai.jpg
img/dep/info-science/testimonials/mruthyunjaya.jpg
img/dep/info-science/testimonials/sharel-pereira.jpg
img/dep/info-science/alumni/Amar_Raj.jpg
img/dep/info-science/alumni/Ashwini.jpg
img/dep/info-science/alumni/DivyaKamath1.jpg
img/dep/info-science/alumni/Nidhi D Shetty.jpg
img/dep/info-science/alumni/Shwetha Rao.jpg
img/dep/info-science/alumni/Veena.jpg
img/Rhea.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/AMOL.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/Deeksha Bangera.jpg
img/dep/info-science/alumni/deekshaS N 2.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/Manjunatha U.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/Pallavi.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/Preethika Anchan.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/Rameez Shuhaib.jpeg
img/dep/cs/alumni/shashank.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/siri vikhyath.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/vandana_nayak.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/Varsha P.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/vineeth Bangera.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/akshay.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/Glenn.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/karthikay.jpg
img/dep/electrical/alumni/Chandrisha Rao.jpg
img/dep/electrical/alumni/Hariprasad Hegde.png
img/dep/ec/alumni/Jyothsna Shetty.jpg
img/dep/electrical/alumni/rajath.jpg
img/dep/civil/alumni/sushil.jpg
img/dep/civil/alumni/drushya.jpg
img/dep/civil/alumni/pavan.jpg
img/dep/ec/alumni/sanjeeth Shetty.jpg
img/dep/ec/alumni/Muriel.jpg
img/dep/ec/alumni/Rajeshwari Bhat.jpg
img/dep/ec/alumni/NisargaNagaraj.jpeg
img/dep/ec/alumni/Sudharshan Acharya.jpg
img/dep/ec/alumni/anjana.jpg
img/dep/ec/alumni/dilip-adiga.jpg
img/dep/ec/alumni/joylan.jpg
img/dep/ec/alumni/prajwal.jpg
img/dep/ec/alumni/saritha.jpg
img/dep/ec/alumni/suhas.jpg
img/dep/biotech/testimonials/shamin.jpg
img/dep/biotech/testimonials/aishu.jpg
img/dep/biotech/testimonials/shravya-shetty.jpg
img/dep/biotech/testimonials/guru.jpg
img/dep/biotech/testimonials/mohan.jpg
img/dep/biotech/testimonials/reshma.jpg
img/dep/biotech/testimonials/savan.jpg
img/dep/biotech/testimonials/krithi.jpg
img/dep/biotech/testimonials/vijayendra.jpg
img/dep/biotech/testimonials/lakshmeesha.jpg
img/dep/biotech/testimonials/karthik-hegde.jpg
img/dep/biotech/testimonials/deepika-rao.jpg
img/dep/biotech/alumni/Sanjana.jpg
img/dep/biotech/alumni/Aparna K Mohan.jpg
img/dep/biotech/alumni/Mahitrajan.jpg
img/dep/ec/alumni/sanjeeth Shetty.jpg
img/dep/ec/alumni/Muriel.jpg
img/dep/mech/alumni/Akshay Mugeraya.jpg
img/dep/info-science/alumni/Amar_Raj.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/AMOL.jpg
img/dep/info-science/alumni/Ashwini.jpg
img/dep/electrical/alumni/Chandrisha Rao.jpg
img/dep/mech/alumni/damodar mallya.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/Deeksha Bangera.jpg
img/dep/info-science/alumni/deekshaS N 2.jpg
img/dep/info-science/alumni/DivyaKamath1.jpg
img/dep/electrical/alumni/Hariprasad Hegde.png
img/dep/mech/alumni/Joystin Mendonca.jpg
img/dep/mech/alumni/Joyston Monteiro.jpg
img/dep/ec/alumni/Jyothsna Shetty.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/Manjunatha U.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/Mohammed Saudh.jpg
img/dep/mech/alumni/nachiket.jpg
img/dep/info-science/alumni/Nidhi D Shetty.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/Pallavi.jpg
img/dep/mech/alumni/Prakhyath Bhandary.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/Preethika Anchan.jpg
img/dep/ec/alumni/Rajeshwari Bhat.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/Rameez Shuhaib.jpeg
img/dep/cs/alumni/shashank.jpg
img/dep/info-science/alumni/Shwetha Rao.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/siri vikhyath.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/vandana_nayak.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/Varsha P.jpg
img/dep/info-science/alumni/Veena.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/vineeth Bangera.jpg
img/dep/civil/alumni/sushil.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/akshay.jpg
img/dep/civil/alumni/drushya.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/Glenn.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/karthikay.jpg
img/dep/civil/alumni/pavan.jpg
img/dep/electrical/alumni/rajath.jpg
img\dep\mech\testimonial\anant-shanker.jpg
img\dep\mech\testimonial\raghavendra.jpg
img/dep/mech/alumni/Akshay Mugeraya.jpg
img/dep/mech/alumni/damodar mallya.jpg
img/dep/mech/alumni/Joystin Mendonca.jpg
img/dep/mech/alumni/Joyston Monteiro.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/Mohammed Saudh.jpg
img/dep/mech/alumni/nachiket.jpg
img/dep/mech/alumni/Prakhyath Bhandary.jpg
img/dep/info-science/testimonials/laveen.jpg
img/dep/info-science/testimonials/pooja.jpg
img/dep/info-science/testimonials/deepak-karkala.jpg
img/dep/info-science/testimonials/siddarth-pai.jpg
img/dep/info-science/testimonials/mruthyunjaya.jpg
img/dep/info-science/testimonials/sharel-pereira.jpg
img/dep/info-science/alumni/Amar_Raj.jpg
img/dep/info-science/alumni/Ashwini.jpg
img/dep/info-science/alumni/DivyaKamath1.jpg
img/dep/info-science/alumni/Nidhi D Shetty.jpg
img/dep/info-science/alumni/Shwetha Rao.jpg
img/dep/info-science/alumni/Veena.jpg
img/Rhea.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/AMOL.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/Deeksha Bangera.jpg
img/dep/info-science/alumni/deekshaS N 2.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/Manjunatha U.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/Pallavi.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/Preethika Anchan.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/Rameez Shuhaib.jpeg
img/dep/cs/alumni/shashank.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/siri vikhyath.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/vandana_nayak.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/Varsha P.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/vineeth Bangera.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/akshay.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/Glenn.jpg
img/dep/cs/alumni/karthikay.jpg
img/dep/electrical/alumni/Chandrisha Rao.jpg
img/dep/electrical/alumni/Hariprasad Hegde.png
img/dep/ec/alumni/Jyothsna Shetty.jpg
img/dep/electrical/alumni/rajath.jpg
img/dep/civil/alumni/sushil.jpg
img/dep/civil/alumni/drushya.jpg
img/dep/civil/alumni/pavan.jpg
img/home-admission-bg.png
